last of the cinders and turn to the door, there was a pungent smell of smoke in the room. she
wondered if she would ever be able to cross that swaying, seething floor to open the window. she dosed her
eyes and listened with straining ears for the dosing of the door. it came, and following it a sharp dick
as of the turning of a key, she looked up at the sound, and saw her mother come back to
her, she was carrying something in one hand, something that dangled and east a snake-like shadow. she came to the
cowering girl and caught her by the arm. "now get up!" she she ordered brutally. "and take the rest of your
punishment" truly dinah drank the cup of bitterness to the dregs that night, mentally she had suffered till she had
almost ceased to feel. but physically her powers of endurance had not been so sorely tried. but he nerves were
stung to a pitch when ever a sudden movement made he tingle, and upon this highly-tempered sensitiveness the punishment now
inflicted upon her was acute agony. it broke her even more completely than it had broken her in childhood. before
many seconds had passed the last shred of her self-control was gone. guy bathurst lying comfortably in bed, was aroused
from his first slumber by a succession of sharp sounds like the lashing of a loosened creeper against the window,
but each sound was followed by an anguished cry that sank and rose again like the wailing of a hurt
child. he turned his head and listened. "by jove! that s too bad of lydia, " he said. " i suppose she
won t be satisfied till she s had har turn, but i shall have to interfere if it goes on. "
it did not go on for long; quite suddenly the cries ceased. the other sounds continued for a few seconds
more then ceased also, and he turned upon his pillow with a sigh of relief. a minute later he was
roused again by the somewhat abrupt entrance of his wife. she did not speak to him, but stood by the
door and rummaged in the pockets of his shooting-coat that hung there. bathurst endured in silence for a few moment,
then, "oh, what on earth are you looking for?" he said with sleepy irritation. " i wish you d go. " "i
want your brandy flask, " she said, and her words came dipped and sharp. "where is it?" "on the dressing table, " he
said. "what have you been doing to the child?" "i ve given her as much as she can stand," his
wife retorted grimly. "but you leave her to me! i ll manage her. " she departed with a haste that seemed
to denote a certain anxiety notwithstanding her words. she left the door ajar, and the man tuned again on his
pillow and listened uneasily. he was afraid lydia had gone too far. for a space he heard nothing. then came
the splashing of water and again that piteous gasping cry. he caught the sound of his wife s voice, but
what she said he could not hear. then there were movement, and dinah spoke in broken supplication that went into
hysterical sobbing. finally he heard his wife come out of the room and dose the door behind her, she came
back again with the brandy flask. "she s had a lesson, " she observed, "that i rather fancy she ll never
forget as long as she lives. " "then i hope you re satisfied, " said bathurst and turned upon his side. yes,
dinah had had a lesson, she had passed through a sevenfold furnace that had melted the frozen fountain of her
tears till it seemed that their flow would never be stayed again. she wept for hours, wept till she was
sick and blind with weeping, and still she went on, and bitter shame and humiliation watched beside her all through
that dreadful night giving her no rest for she had gone through this fiery torture this cruel chastisement of mind
and body, all for what? for love of a man who felt nought but kindness for her, --for the dear memory
of a golden vision that would neva be her again, it was soon after nine on the following morning that
scott presented himself on horseback at the gate of dinah s home. it had been his intention to tie up
his animal and enter, but he was met in the entrance by billy coming out on a bicycle, and the
boy at once frustrated his intention. "Good morning, sir! pleased to see you, but it s no good your coming
in the pater s still in bed, and the mater s doing the house-work. " "and dinah?" said scott, the question
leapt from him almost involuntarily, he had not meant to display any eagerness and he sought to cover it by
his next words which were uttered with his usual careful deliberation "it s dinah i have come to see, i
have a message for her from my sister, " billy s freckled face crumpled into troubled lines. "dinah has deared out "
he said briefly. "i m just off to the station to try and get news of her. " "what?" scott said,
startled the boy looked at him, his green eyes shrewdly confiding. "there s been the devil of a row, "he
said. "the mater is furious with her. she gave her a fearful licking last night to judge by the sounds.
dinah was squealing like a rat. of course girls always do squeal when they re hurt but i fancy the
mater must have hit a bit harder than usual. and she s burnt the whole of the trousseau too. dinah
was so mighty proud of all her fine things. she d feel that you know, pretty badly. " "damnation!" scott said,
and for the second time he spoke without his own volition. he looked at billy with that intense hot light
in his eyes that had in it the whiteness of molten metal. "do you mean that?" he said. "do
