everyone realized they had anohure suicidal -- some idiot eager to win the party. they would barely feel a blast
fired that high up. still his paranoia got the best of him as dozens of ohure patrols repeated the warning
to alert everyone he looked around him for hidden dangers, and noticed his imperial guard doing the same. they had
multiplied patrols for a few thousand kilometers out to detect large air units, but lone wolves still posed risks. one
hundred thousand of the world s best quads, like those in the stadium, couldn t stop a lone attacker. he
knew those indians to the west hadn t advanced, and the chinese moved their major air units back specifically to
seduce tensions. observers in korea hadn t reported anything, nor any of his spies. the russians and persians had enough
on their hands controlling the huge new territory that the baron gave them. so, really, all he had to worry
about was some crazy suicidal. everyone of course knew of the baron s call for super-quads to join him in
alaska. twenty thousand of them did, according to his intelligence sources that monitored the area closely. Genghis put thirty of
his best battalions in siberia specifically to block anyone coming from alaska. he wen set up relay stations every thousand
kilometers from the bering strait so his long-distance messengers could warn him as quickly as possible. what the khan didn
t know is that billy set up his own blocking force to kill those messengers. or that a ship delivered
bombs for his american raiders to smash the khan s elite force from behind while they slept. or that his
super-quads flew at night from anchorage to the aleutian islands, to siberia s kamchatka peninsula, to an uninhabited japanese island,
then to a fleet of chinese fishing junks in the yellow sea that billy commandeered a couple years before to
move his plunder, at each stop they ate and napped to keep up their strength but still flew much farther
and faster than even a way service could. they loaded up with bombs stored on the fishing boats and flew
at night to their target. dayan, his most trusted descendent put a hand on his shoulder, something that few ohures
dared. "you know the rules " he said harshly to deter an argument. genghis grunted impatiently -- he didn t want
to escape into his panic room. "why build an escape room if you won t use it?" still, genghis hesitated.
then dayan looked up alarmed. the blast not only kept coming, but they grew much louder. too loud for an
ordinary suicidal. "go!" dayan go barked at the greatest conqueror in history while opening a hatch below them. genghis went, dimbing
down the stairs and hoping nobody noticed. except that damn indian standing on the stage in the arena. while everyone
else searched the skies, the indian s eye never left him. the indian cursed, popped out his wands, cut down
the silver and bronze winners, then flew straight at genghis, firing his hand wands in powerful bursts. dayan, facing the
wrong direction, never saw the blasts coming. genghis yelled a warning, then dropped down the chute just before a blast
vaporized his most trusted descendent. genghis bounced of a wall, which disoriented him until he smacked into hard, compact earth
thirty meters below. so much happened so fast that he didn t even get the chance to use his wands
to control his fall. genghis heard a familiar primal scream and flew up to a spy hole to see the
indian face of against a guy in a bright red suit. no! the wed baron here? challenging the dueling champion?
the bastard even spoke to the crowd before bowing to his opponent like in ancient honor duels as several patrols
hovered overhead. they both positioned themselves in a fighting stance, then the indian charged, shooting rapidly. the crowd swooned. genghis
despite himself and unable to believe his eyes, could not stop watching, even though he knew something was terribly wrong.
the red baron avoided the first blast by flying up while flaming all four wands. genghis still had a hard
time believing it, but his hands wands extended fire for over twenty meters. his personal best was thirteen and a
half meters after hearing reports that subodei reached thirteen. to get even that he had to kill thousands of tied
up prisoners, then take their wands while they died. un-intimidated, the indian attached aggressively until they slashed at each ohure
with blades in the very center of the huge arena. the fight captivated the stadium, despite warning shrieks from distant
patrols. suddenly the baron saw something in the sky and released his infamous scream. instead of fighting, the two of
them immediately shot straight up, not three meters from each ohure what the hell? then a series of explosions shook
the entire stadium, knocking genghis back down into his hole. but the skies were dear of fliers! hundreds of explosives
under the stadium stands detonated nearly as one each many times as large as the contact bombs dropped by fliers.
millions of tiny pieces of scrap metal flew in all directions as those who lit those fuses raced for cover
outside of the stadium. the earth shook so hard he bounced into the air. his ears ringing, genghis realized that
he had never been subjected to a heavy bombardment before. he looked up from his dirt hole to the thick
metal walls above him. he flew to the ceiling and locked the heavy steel hatch from within, i m safe,
he thought a dark shadow immediately blanketed the arena and thousands of bombs dropped into the disoriented crowd, the explosions
ringing his ears. ten thousand super-quads then blasted the audience. thousands of survivors on the ground shot back, but were
quickly overwhelmed. after mopping up, they stabbed everyone to make sure they were really dead, then took their valuables, a
battalion stayed overhead to intercept mongol rapid response teams and local police. bells and wands soon sounded arou china,
























